{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green145\blue206;\red217\green11\blue0;\red255\green39\blue18;
\red102\green177\blue50;\red164\green8\blue0;\red255\green39\blue18;\red255\green255\blue51;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c56863\c80784;\csgenericrgb\c85098\c4314\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c15294\c7059;
\csgenericrgb\c40000\c69412\c19608;\csgenericrgb\c64314\c3137\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c15294\c7059;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c20000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \
\cb1 \
\cb3 3. Have a shortcut key for clearing workspace.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 4. Make change to let users change preference for dialog window.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 5. Change light frequency in sit state.\
\cb1 \
\cb4 \ul 6. Remove truncation.\cb1 \ulnone \
\
\cb5 \
\cb1 \
\cb4 11. Check status bar\
\cb1 \
\cb6 12. Check drag and drop.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 13. Check note function.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 14. Delete file button is disabled when no file is selected.\
\
15. Fixed issue when no file is selected and WD reflects this.\
\cb1 \
(Immediate)\
\cb3 16. Need to open finder after switch.\cb1 \
	\strike \strikec0 - Definitely after switching. Find out why.\strike0\striked0 \
\cb2 1. Doesn\'92t connect work contents to WC when its name is changed.\
\cb1 \
\cb2 2. Odd issue with card recognition sequence.\
\
\cb7 3. Preview issue.\cb1 \
\
(Mid Term)\
17. Need to disable need to have chrome to save session.\
	-Also distinguish between safari and chrome needs.\
\
18. Manager for omni outliner\
\
\cb2 7. Make sure deletion results in full on deletion.\
\cb1 \
\cb8 8. Check if window position is supported.\
\cb1 \
\cb8 9. Look into letting users define which programs to use.\cb1 \
\
\cb5 10. Setup logger\cb1 \
\
\
(LONG TERM)\
\
18. Create a clean version of the program.\
\
Create a cross platform version through python X tcl\
\
19. Create a flow chart for how the program proceeds.\
\
20. Look into separating the code in accordance to OOP design principles and go for:\
	Model (Data)\
	Viewer (UI)\
	Controller (Control Mechanism)\
\
}